# BugTriageEclipseHighConfidence

Dependencies: The code runs with Python 3.7. It has dependency on the following libraries -
1. GitPython
2. PyDriller
3. nltk
4. numpy
5. pandas
6. python-bugzilla
7. python-dateutil
8. scikit-learn
9. scipy

RQ1a. Textual & Categorical: How accurately do models containing textual and categorical
features triage bugs?

1. Model M1: Logistic RegressionWith Textual Features - To get the results of Model M1, run classification_text.py

2. Model M3: Textual and Component - To get the results of Model M3, run classification_text_component.py

3. Model M4: Textual and Component (All developers)- To get the results of Model M3, run classification_text_component_all_devs.py

RQ1b. FixerCache: Does a developer’s affinity to working on specific components improve
the accuracy of bug triaging?

1. Refer to the paper of Wang et al. https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2652536

2. Run past_bug_history_collector.py to create the cache of developers

3. Run prediction_fixer_cache.py to get the results of FixerCache Model

RQ2. Crash traces: Does the information contained in alarm logs, crash dumps, and stack
traces help in bug triaging?

1. Run the prediction_by_msr.py on existing data to get the results of the stack trace & commit score based model.

2. To Run the model on new data set, please follow the steps mentioned below.

    1. For setup of infozilla tool, please follow the steps from https://github.com/kuyio/infozilla
    
    2. Download the comments of the bug reports. The structure of the location where the text file of comments should be kept is - path/bug_id/bug_id_comments.txt
    
    3. Run the infozilla.py after replacing the original path of the resources
    
    4. Run the xml_parser.py. This script runs with the xml output generated by infozilla creates a json where call depth is the key and the corresponding value is the source code file name
    
    5. Clone the eclipse code repositories locally and put their location in jdt.txt and platform.txt.
    
    6. Run the source_code_path_in_repo_collector.py to extract the path of the source code file from the cloned Eclipse repository.
    
    7. Run the prediction_by_msr.py to get the final results.

RQ3. Combined Model: Does the model trained with text, categorical and log features improve
accuracy of bug triaging?

1. Run classification_ensemble.py to get the result of Ensemble Model M6

RQ4. High Confidence Predictions: What is the impact of high confidence prediction on the
accuracy of triaging?

1. Run classification_text_component_high_confidence.py by passing appropraite cut_off confidence to the method classify_liblinear_confidence()
